The deck is solid, but I'm not sure about the ID choice.
Have you tried it out of a different ID?
This seems like a weaker version of an existing deck. 
How does this not lose to fast advance?
Can't see this having any game vs Blue Sun.
Needs more Memstrips.
I don't see :proco: in there.
Where's the Stamherk?
This would just be better out of Kate.
I played a version of this. It did have completely different cards and strategy though, which I will suggest to include even though they don't fit your gameplan at all.
This deck loses to my deck that happens to hate on your strategy, and nobody else is playing. Therefore, it is bad.
This deck is so bad in the current meta.
No draw power, no cards. No cards, no victory.
If single accessing is your plan, have I got some bad news for you.
A card I'd personally run is Self-modifying Code. It's great with Multithreaders, and can find you both the breaker you need or a Multithreader. Have you considered it?
How does this deck beat Mushin No Shin?
You should consider slotting Endless Hunger to deal with pesky End the Run ice.
The jank. It is real.
NO CLOT? :anguished:
What do you think about this deck with Rebirth coming out soon?
I'm not a believer in trying to force a deck to be good.
Well... it's certainly interesting.
I love this kind of deck. No weird tricks, no janky combos, it straight up doesn't work.
Is Data Raven + Keegan Lane a hard counter or am I missing something?
This is at best tier 3. That's being generous.
A premier candidate for NRDB deck of the week.
Not seeing a lot of Scorched Earth protection in there.
You should ask Josh how he feels about this deck.
What if you play against Jinteki and net damage hits all of your key pieces?
Does Power Shutdown just shut down your deck? :jackson:
Doesn't this spoiled card that will come out 5 datapacks later just completely wreck your plan?
What about Turing on centrals?
What about Turing on the remote?
MWL restrictions really seem to hurt this.
This deck is DOA against Dan playing conservatively.
Have you considered putting Faust in this deck?
